Update documentation for list (#450)
NBISweden/sda-cli: README.md

- If the flag `--force-overwrite` is used, the tool will overwrite any already existing file.
- The cli will exit if the input has any un-encrypred files. To override that, use the flag `--force-unencrypted`.

## List

> All the below cases require a configuration file to be downloaded before starting the operation and the `list` parameter should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the following cases require a configuration file to be downloaded before starting the operation, and the `list` parameter should be used.
```

> All the below cases require a configuration file to be downloaded before starting the operation and the `list` parameter should be used.

Reviewer 2: Continuing on Nanjiang's suggestion:
```suggestion
All the following cases require a [configuration file to be downloaded](https://github.com/NBISweden/sda-cli/blob/documentation/datset-list/README.md#download-the-configuration-file) before starting the operation, and the `list` parameter should be used.
```

Author: Done

### List uploaded files

> This feature returns all the files in the user's bucket recursively and can be executed using:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This feature returns all the files in the user's inbox recursively and can be executed using:
```

This command will return any file/path starting with the defined `<prefix>`.
If no config is given by the user, the tool will look for a previous login from the user.

### List datasets and their files

> To list datasets or files within a dataset to which the user has access, the `--datasets` flag should be used and the login URL must be provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list datasets or the files within a dataset that the user has access to, the `--datasets` flag should be used and the login URL must be provided:
```

```bash
./sda-cli list -config <configuration_file> --datasets --url <login_url>
```

> where the `<login_url>` is the url where user go for authentication. This command returns a list of accessible datasets with the number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `<login_url>` is the URL where the user goes for authentication. This command returns a list of accessible datasets, including the number
```

of files in each dataset and the total size of it.

> To list the files within a particular dataset, the user must provide the dataset ID (which can be obtained by executing the previously mentioned command):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list the files within a particular dataset, the user must provide the dataset ID (which can be obtained by executing the previous command):
```

```bash
./sda-cli list -config <configuration_file> -dataset <datasetID> -url <login_url>
```

> This command returns a list of files of the dataset with their file IDs, file sizes and file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command returns a list of files within the dataset, including their file IDs, file sizes and file paths.
```
